Behind me is Lake Constance.
This lake is large, near the Alps, in the middle of Europe.
This part of me exists in Germany, and this part of me,
On the other side of the sculptor, in Switzerland.
They removed the border fence and replaced it with a sculptor.
A few miles behind, behind that horizon, is Austria.
All three countries have a beach on Lake Constance.
But if you look at the map,
You'll notice something missing:
Lines that indicate the international boundary,
The lines I stand on now, stop at the beach.
Lake Constance is a common sovereignty (condominium)
It is a "luxury" way to say that it belongs to more than one country.
But, no one is quite sure.
We are accustomed to the idea that the land is divided,
Different countries have different parts of them.
And this thing is considered a bit strange,
But since most of the world agrees, we cling to it.
Laws, taxes, rights, and responsibilities change when formal lines are defined.
Well, there are international waters,
Antarctica is a special case, and there is a good part of Africa
Where neither country wants to claim it, but generally:
Each part of the land is owned by a particular state.
Surely, sometimes borders are complicated by faults in treaties or land disputes,
But this case is not any of the above. Quite simply, no one cared
To make an international treaty at the border
According to Austria, there,
Lake Constance is a common common rule,
Equally shared between each of the three countries along the way.
If you are on the lake, you are in Germany, Austria, and Switzerland at once.
Switzerland is not happy about this:
According to her, the border runs straight in the middle of the lake.
Germany simply shakes her shoulders (I do not know / care)
Actually, this thing does not cause anyone a problem.
If there are any legal questions,
Each case is resolved separately.
So, if you're wondering what will happen if someone has a child in the middle of the lake,
And what will be the citizenship of his child,
Or what will happen under the rescue laws (rescue ships)
If someone pulled out a treasure drenched from the middle of the -
I mean, the answer is: shoulder shake (I do not know / care)
We will solve it when we are obliged to do so,
In the meantime, no one would mind.
The only people who will be affected by the lack of defined borders are cartographers:
There is no option on most digital shoulder-shaking maps (I do not know / care).
Computers and people do not know where to draw the line.